fix: Fix attribute in Uninstalling Che (#2189)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/installation-guide/partials/proc_uninstalling-che-after-operatorhub-installation-using-openshift-web-console.adoc

+
[NOTE]
====

> The default {prod} Cluster name is __<{prod-deployment}>__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default {prod} `checluster` Custom Resource name is __<{prod-checluster}>__.
```
